[CLI] Add link in setup.rst to Symfony CLI source repo (#16227)
symfony/symfony-docs: setup.rst

.. note::

>     The Symfony CLI source is available at the `Symfony CLI repository`_. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Symfony CLI sources are available at the `Symfony CLI organization repository`_. If
```

what about this?

Author: I agree with the link anchor, but the source is singular, not plural.
